hello people are you know it's not
classy txt I just had this channel you
know it's not me but wait yeah it's me I
just you see what I'm doing there I was
just you know messing around I mean mute
my speakers real quick because my bikes
really sensitive so if enough I like
take a drink of pop you can hear it like
I'm all right next to it so I got an old
game about two months old or over the
summer I got these when I used to think
commentaries were awesome and now I
think they're awesome again so looks
like i'm using sleight of hand pro side
power ninja pro all pro and UMP extended
mags and secondary I think it's a magnum
others are very sexy quality i think you
know i get to watch it in full because
my computer is amazing most people have
to watch it in like preview auto or
preview half that Bush I look at heart
clan tag all right well I'm making this
commentary to clear a bar about one to
two thing three three things um one
thing first thing I'll just knock this
one out is karma I have finished the
intro as far as cinematic sinking random
clips very sexy song non copyrighted
course and it's I think it's going to be
quite good really good montage I never
tried to edit something pretty good so
hopefully I actually come out on top
doing uh well so yeah that's about it
for karma should be out the 31st what
day is it off fuck i only have a couple
days oh god oh god oh yeah and actually
for things link video stop bitching
honestly seriously you don't understand
what i have to do to upload these videos
because it's going to be about five
minutes here and they take me over two
hours to upload and if you don't
understand what i'm saying is my
internet is a piece of shit so i would
totally upload them when i get home from
school because i usually don't go on to
like five or six and sometimes i take a
nap so but um which call uh
in the mornings when I upload them or
when I'm at home if my brother's home or
my mom's home and they were connected to
the Internet my internet disconnects
randomly and that screws up my upload
and stops it and restarted and a lot of
bullshit so I can't do that I'll try to
do that my best hopefully this is
uploaded at a regular time tomorrow or
monday with put days it's Wednesday that
no it's actually thursday at
twelve-thirty so hopefully this will be
uploaded on thursday 1021 and yeah so
stop bitching about the link fits please
I I'm getting really annoyed of a
posting of in fact but just don't don't
be a total fag me like on alling beds
holy shit this wrapping up quick but uh
then black cops I think that was the
next one I'm pretty excited for the
snipers because you know everyone's seen
that leaked footage I enjoyed cod4
snipers sprague scope I'm 40 York 700
Barrett retail and really excited
because you know it's going to take a
little bit more skill than all the
fanboys you can slide a hand pro thing
in our pro because the site and pro
that's why they would be pro and yeah
it's like a pro so hopefully that's a
lot better and some sweet montages right
away I'll probably be doing a bunch of
montages like probably three a week you
know cuz I'm at cool right you know I
need all the support I can get though
you know to get those out there and then
the fourth thing um um shit i'm at a
pause here uh-oh classic TV damn finally
I remember that shit has been like 10
seconds so this again never had a proper
backup account i hit classic HD but
those from a long time ago and there's
probably like two active subs on there
so go inscription so two classic TV and
some of the people in the box if you
please and yeah that's TV basically what
I'm gonna be doing is I'm upload set of
videos random videos of you know
whatever you know just fucking fucking
around prank calls you know going
outside to a in the morning pumpkin
smashing fuck funny shit like that but
like no cat videos I don't think but
there will be skate videos if our all
these skaters out there
I used to skate for like four years if
anybody knows what the warp skate park
is in Illinois to go out all the time
every day mostly and third layer i did a
contest up in Minnesota kind of a mall
in America third layer if you guys know
that it's for all you Minnesotans okay
i'll be doing some skate edits not with
my footage because i don't have a camera
and I don't really like to skate as much
anymore but it's good i'm going to try
to find as much raw footage of awesome
skater as possible not like just random
kids but you know pros and that should
be good and i'm gonna apply for a
partnership and it's gonna be a
hopefully a successful channel so i'm
just going to ask you to sub that and
this is wrapping up here go to include
in description if you SAT through this
whole thing 1887 i think this was the
match bonus was you know models you know
that's pretty sexy gun but i liked the
video please um i don't know how many
views is gonna be getting depending on
how many times i'm going to upload well
let's try for only a hundred likes i
mean that that would make me happy all
right 30 and 3 i'm out cash